C Squared Advisors
is an independent investment bank that provides financial and transaction advisory services to multi-unit owners in the restaurant and franchise industries. As the most experienced and multi-skilled industry advisory firm, they assist in optimizing the financial performance of their clients’ businesses, position clients to maximize the value of their businesses, while managing the complex transactions to help achieve clients’ goals. Their long-term clients include multi-unit franchisees, franchisors, independent brands, family businesses, large corporations, investors, lenders, private equity investors and family offices.
C Squared Advisors is thrilled to announce these recent wins for their team:
The completion of a recapitalization and capital raise for a
Subway
franchisee in Arizona. The franchisee has grown significantly with
S
ubway as a result of the acquisition. In addition to acquiring units, the capital will be used to support future new unit development and remodel projects.
The successful completion of a $24MM recapitalization and capital raise of a 28-unit Five Guys portfolio, owned by prominent franchisees Randhir Sethi and Raji Sankar, co-CEOs of Wholesome Enterprises. This transaction, spearheaded by
Peter DiFilippo
and
Brent Elsass
, supplied the necessary funding for new store development.
The successful sell-side acquisition of an 8-unit Burger King network in Southeast Ohio and West Virginia for prominent franchisee group Charton Management, Inc.
The successful completion of a Dunkin’ network sale in Southeast Massachusetts.
The successful recapitalization of an eight-store
Dunkin’​
network in the Mid-Atlantic region. With our team’s collective 100+ years of expertise serving the Dunkin’ franchisee community, we secured $15MM in financing, which will allow the client to continue developing new locations while remodeling existing ones.
The representation of KK Corporation in its acquisition of 100+ Subway units in the Houston, TX market. With our expertise and strong lending relationships, we helped secure $32MM in capital for the KK Corporation to expand its Subway holdings.
Get connected with C Squared Advisors here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)