We know that almost everyone in franchising is gearing up for one of our favorite events of the year – the
2023 IFA Annual Convention
. So, we put together a helpful resource of the top 10 ways to prepare for IFA, whether it’s your first time or 20th.
Check out the video, featuring FSN’s Ryan Hicks, Zack Fishman & Dean Hatzitheodosiou as well as special guest Paul Rocchio, the VP of Development at IFA!
WATCH HERE
A few takeaways:
Pre-Conference Sales Etiquette:
Vet your list before beginning pre-conference sales outreach. Speaking of outreach, it’s all about
polite persistence
. Spamming franchise leaders, sending mass emails and repeated follow ups is frowned upon, so don’t do it.
What to Pack:
If you have a booth, send extra scissors, power strips, cable cords, pens, etc. ahead of the conference. We also get into the world of the post-pandemic dress code.
Setting Meetings:
Schedule meetings with prospective partners for non-booth hours – a breakfast meeting or during a breakout that they aren’t attending. Keep your meetings brief!
After Hours Events:
Don’t try to sneak into any events (or beg to get into any that you aren’t on the list for).
Presenting:
Stay focused and engaged when talking to potential partner – this is different than remote meetings!
Booth Etiquette:
Spark conversations and create relationships – this is just as valuable as a focus on sales.
Sessions & Round Tables:
Attend presentations that are in adjacent industries and areas of the business, to get a well-rounded education on what’s going on in franchising.
Networking with Other Suppliers:
Don’t be afraid to talk to competitors about common issues or create strategic alliances with other suppliers. There’s power in numbers!
Need more help?
Reach out to us at
info@franchisesuppliernetwork.com
if you have any further questions!
FSN Members:
Email us your top 3 connections you’re hoping to make at the Convention. We can help make introductions and even have meetings on your behalf!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)