In today’s competitive job market, it’s more important than ever to have a strong recruitment marketing strategy. And while there are a lot of traditional marketing channels you can use to reach potential candidates, you may be missing out on a major opportunity if you’re not using AI & automation.
We caught up with the ChoiceLocal team on the Supplier Wire podcast  and here’s a 48 second clip from the show:
Using AI & Automation To Enhance Recruitment Marketing
Let’s break down how these cutting-edge technologies can help franchisees take their recruitment marketing to the next level.
The Benefits of Using AI & Automation for Recruitment Marketing
There are a number of reasons why AI & automation can be beneficial for your franchisees recruitment marketing efforts. For one, they can save time and money by automating repetitive tasks like posting job listings and sending follow-up emails. Additionally, they can help you gather data and insights that you can use to improve your strategy for franchisees over time. Finally, they can also help you automate and personalize outreach to each individual candidate, instantly without delay, which is essential for making a good impression in today’s job market.
How To Get Started With AI & Automation For Recruitment Marketing
If you’re ready to start using AI & automation for your recruitment marketing efforts, there are a few things you’ll need to do first. First, you’ll need to identify the specific tasks you want to automate. Next, you’ll need to find the right tools and platforms to help you automate those tasks. Finally, you’ll need to put together a plan for how you’ll implement and manage your new automation strategy. Once you’ve done all of that, you’ll be well on your way to taking your recruitment marketing efforts to the next level.
It’s impossible to achieve this on your own without selecting technology and service partners. Several Franchise Supplier Network members have an eye towards this and can help you put this strategy in place. Schedule a discovery meeting with one of our member companies today!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)