With over 7,000 service-based businesses running on
PocketSuite
, the Franchise Edition combines an all-in one scheduling, sales and operations tool with roll-up data analytics to power franchise system success.
As a franchise system owner or operator, you have a growing network of franchisees looking to you for guidance and support on everything from opening, managing and growing their businesses.
If they are juggling many different technologies to manage their operations, consider PocketSuite, an all-in-one platform. PocketSuite makes it easy to onboard new franchisees, manage existing locations and track performance.
Hear from some of our past customers:
“
This app is everything you need and more!
The team here at PS (PocketSuite) is great and are very helpful. I save so much money and have literally been able to put my business on cruise control. I have all my clients set up on subscriptions that auto-renew so I can focus on my classes and privates. About to head on a vacation now thanks to PS! Look no further!”
Joshua P.
“
This app has everything
to easily run my business. I can list my services, reach clients easily, sell my products, get Google reviews and so much more! The automation of everything removes so many tasks I take on as a solopreneur.”
Jenna Weatherington
“As a licensed estheticians of 13 years I am blown away by the level of service given to business owners by real people and not bots. With everything automated these days it feels really good to know that if you have an issue a real person is willing and ready to help you.
It’s definitely a one-stop-shop
for business owners who don’t have a team, but that want that professional touch. I truly feel that they position you to win.”
Nora Holloway
“PocketSuite provides top tier tools and the education to effectively grow a small business. This app made it possible for me to start making money within hours instead of weeks or months. I can communicate with clients easily, send ready made forms, take payments, make payments… the list goes on. I hihgly recommend it.
It is actually pretty priceless.
Keep up the outstanding work PocketSuite!”
JD Griffin
Learn more about
PocketSuite
.
Get connected with PocketSuite!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)