Franchise YoungConference, presented by the team behind Franchise Supplier Network, is one of our favorite events of the year!
It’s a place for the young (and young-minded) innovators in franchising to gather and share their knowledge and strategies to navigate the constantly changing digital realm. If you haven’t begun considering how to implement the latest technologies – and create your own – to build your business, you’re getting left in the dust. While their older counterparts may take the lead in experiential knowledge, successful CEOs of all ages are increasingly looking to their younger peers – and even employees! – for insight on innovation, creativity and thinking outside the box.
This year’s event is
May 10-12th
in Chicago and hundreds of millennials in franchising have already registered! Here’s just a few of the topics our suppliers and partners will be covering:
Preparing For The 22nd Century: How Franchisors Use Technology To Dominate
Moderated by Dean Hatzitheodosiou, FSN Chief Sales Officer
Historically, the franchise industry has been notorious for being “behind the times”. Whether it’s finding the perfect real estate site, finding new ways to incentivize your employees or using new communication methods to reach your customers; technology is becoming a larger part of how franchisors conduct business each day. In this panel, Franchise Supplier Network’s own Dean Hatzitheodosiou along with 4 expert panelists will take our audience through how you can use technology to solve your most complex business issues.
Getting The “Franchise” Inside Scoop: 2023’s Marketing Trends To Watch
Moderated by Jake Fishman,
Eulerity
Account Director of Growth
With each passing day, consumer behavior gets more and more difficult to understand. Luckily, franchisors are taking steps to meet these customers where they are by making more data-driven decisions than ever before. Listen to these marketing gurus explain how your brand can get on a level playing field so you don’t get lost in the shuffle with the fickle consumer of today.
Supplier Summit: Cultivating Productive Supplier / Franchisor Partnership
Moderated by Jeff Horst,
Rocketbarn Marketing
CEO | Featuring Trevor Rappleye,
FranchiseFilming
CEO
At many conferences, the franchisor/franchisee relationship is a frequent topic. In this open forum session, we cover the other, unheralded relationship in the franchise space: the supplier/franchisor relationship. From selection, to new partnership rollouts, to managing expectations and ongoing supplier relations; our speakers will experience-share from both sides of the relationship to help the audience make the most of this important partnership.
Beyond The Employee Handbook: How To Attract & Retain Best-In-Class Talent
Featuring Neil Young,
Two Ladders
CEO
With decades of experience on one panel, attendees will take away best practices to create their own employer branding, recruitment and retention “wins” in their brand. From defining a strategy to outlining a solid plan, learn from leaders in a “PechaKucha” format on how they were able to innovate their brand’s
employee
experience and communication to drive recruitment and brand culture.
If you’re interested in kickstarting the future of your franchise, grab your tickets for the Franchise YoungConference
here
. Almost sold out!
Already attending? Fill out
this short assessment
to get in touch with suppliers at the event!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)