It’s amazing what one can accomplish in just a short year. At the annual IFA Conference last year,
Image Cube
had the privilege of meeting and connecting with our now franchise client, 100% Chiropractic. 100% Chiropractic is a family of full-service wellness clinics that offer cutting edge chiropractic care, massage therapy, and a full line of supreme quality nutritional supplements. The service company currently has
85+
locations and many more are in development to help provide life-changing chiropractic care to those in need.
Our partnership came at the perfect time as they came to us when they had outgrown their past print vendor. The vendor had become too slow in providing the quality and the fast turnaround work that they were seeking. Their brand had simply outpaced their demanding supply. At Image Cube, we are THE print marketing experts for franchise brands, so we gladly rose to the challenge.
For the past year, we have helped create cohesive brand products for their growing locations with interior signage, display signage and canvas wraps for their new store location kits. At Image Cube, our goal is to bring your brand to life and get the message out to reach your target market. We are proud of the success we have established thus far with 100% Chiropractic and are looking forward to what the future brings.
We invested a lot of time in listening and researching the 100% Chiropractic brand and their print requirements. Our top priority was to ensure the smooth and seamless transition from the past vendor!
– Ari Boyajian, CEO, Image Cube
At Image Cube, we are proud to provide comprehensive brand printing and solutions for corporations. We offer print, signage/POP, promo products, marketing collateral, creative services, fulfillment and more. If you are looking for ways to deliver marketing solutions for your business, maintain brand compliance, streamline operations and leverage your spend,
connect with our team of experts
to get started today!
Connect with Image Cube for your Franchise Printing Solution needs here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)