ServiceMinder’s Spectacular Year: Breaking Records and Building Relationships
A record-breaking year for the award-winning platform,
ServiceMinder
. How the platform for managing and operating service brands grew overnight without losing their “small business” attitude and spirit.
Grab your virtual confetti because it’s time to celebrate – and boy, do we have some fantastic news to share! This year has been incredible for us, and we can’t wait to spill the beans on our record-breaking journey.
Who is ServiceMinder
Before we officially show off our “record-breaking” year, we should probably properly introduce ourselves.
ServiceMinder is the platform for managing and operating home services brands.
Acquire leads seamlessly with 24/7 scheduling, branded proposals, and targeted email campaigns. Track leads with extensive reporting options and convert prospects by enhancing client experience through innovation. Grow your franchise by making decisions based on data, at the brand or location level.
Automate and simplify your brand’s entire workflow on one award-winning, franchised-focused platform.
Where we went
Picture this: 9 client conferences where we enjoyed connecting with amazing individuals who share our passion for excellence. Even though we all enjoy working from home, there’s nothing better than seeing our clients in the flesh!
We took our show on the road to 5 franchise conferences, spreading the ServiceMinder magic far and wide…that’s a lot of room for dad jokes. In 2023, we did more conferences than ever, and it’s safe to say those opportunities were the highlight of our year. We were able to connect with so many new faces and reconnect with a bunch of old friends – you can’t beat that.
As a result of our year “on the road”, we realized it’s not just about showcasing what we do; it’s about connecting with and learning from the franchise community.
How We’ve Grown
We are thrilled to announce that we’ve welcomed 12 new brands into the ServiceMinder squad. That’s a dozen reasons to celebrate the incredible partnerships we’re forging and the growth we’re experiencing together. ServiceMinder is now proudly serving over 50 franchises in the service industry.
We’ve recently added 7 new members to our team. In the wake of a groundbreaking year, our expectations are soaring, and we’re raising the bar. With each new brand we bring on board, our commitment to delivering top-notch client experiences remains unwavering. We aren’t suppliers, we are strategic partners.
This journey wouldn’t be half as exciting without the incredible team we have. Your commitment, creativity, and drive are the driving forces behind our success. So, here’s to breaking records, setting new standards, and making waves in the service industry.
What We Did
Speaking of our awesome employees…
Our team completed over 300 roadmap items and closed 12,000+ tickets. Safe to say, we weren’t bored. And yes, the 7 new employees were much-needed. We simplified a few folk’s workflow along the way.
“We have added many new vendors that need to have an open API. The serviceminder team has been very easy to work with and build rapport with our new vendors.”
-Al Winnick, COO of Green Home Solutions
From established to emerging brands, through automation and our comprehensive approach, we’ve helped our clients operate at scale.
”As an emerging brand, we still don’t know everything about the franchising space yet. ServiceMinder was able to solve problems we didn’t even know we had.”
-Jacob Collums, VP of Franchise Development
What We Won
We’re still pinching ourselves that we won #1 in the ‘other’ category on Entrepreneur Media’s Top Supplier list. We’ve made this prestigious list every year since 2020, but this was our first time being #1. Kudos to all our fellow franchise vendors who also made the cut! Learn more about our journey to #1 [here](https://serviceminder.io/home/blog/ServiceMinder-top-supplier)
We also won Franchise Business Review’s Franchising@work award in Silver based on employee surveys within the franchise community.
To learn more about FBR’s Franchising@work awards click here
What’s next?
Cheers to each of you for making ServiceMinder’s year one for the books! Let’s keep this momentum going and see where the franchise community takes us next.
Next stop IFA 2024! Stop by booth
1107 and say hi to your favorite suppliers or as we prefer ‘strategic partners’.
Stay tuned for our 2024 conference schedule coming soon.
Ready to join the fun?
Feel free to reach out with any questions:
support@serviceminder.io
or book a demo
here
Get connected with ServiceMinder here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)