FSN exists to help the franchise community get connected, and get results.
Why become a
Franchise Supplier Network
Supplier Member? Our large network and expertise can help you increase brand awareness, make connections, generate franchise prospects, sharpen your go-to-market strategy and build authority in the field. We can connect you with franchisors that are looking for you.
We offer 2 different programs to help franchise suppliers build market awareness through our network, events, consults, podcasts, and webinar opportunities.
FSN Supplier members enjoy the benefit of generating more meetings with qualified prospects and building brand awareness within the franchise community.
Supplier Member
3 Annual Membership Options:
Verified, Featured or Preferred
Includes:
Official FSN Verified Member Badge
Inclusion in responses to FSN’s Assessment
First dibs on sponsorship to “invite-only” events like UnConference & YoungConference
Additional Opportunities:
Qualified Meetings & Introductions to Franchise Brands
Franchise Supplier Wire Podcast with Host Ryan Hicks
Webinar Presentation/Short-Form Video Showing Value
Features on FSN’s LinkedIn and Weekly Newsletter
Brand Differentiation Blogs/Bylines
Targeted Assessment Email Blasts
Accelerator Program
Through our “Accelerator” program, we offer elevated advisory and business development services for a select few suppliers to help them navigate the franchise space. Our “Accelerator” clients save time, save money, gain brand awareness, and gain market share substantially faster than doing it alone.
Additional Opportunities:
Proactive business development efforts
Go-to market strategy consultation
Conference representation
Ideal customer profile ideation
No matter which direction you choose, we’ll supercharge your growth & brand awareness in the franchise industry!
Get more information and join the FSN family HERE.
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)