With over 7,000 service-based businesses running on
PocketSuite
, the Franchise Edition combines an all-in one scheduling, sales and operations tool with roll-up data analytics to power franchise system success.
As a franchise system owner or operator, you have a growing network of franchisees looking to you for guidance and support on everything from opening, managing and growing their businesses. If they are juggling many different technologies to manage their operations, consider PocketSuite, an all-in-one platform.
Hear what their clients have to say!
Combining the best bits of your favorite CRM tools with calendar tools, itemized invoices, and Point of Sale, the service aims to be a one-stop business shop for everyone from beauticians to landscapers and all manner of various professionals in between.
Client Generation
The PocketSuite app starts working for your business before you’ve even landed your first client by providing valuable marketing tools to help you do just that.
The real star here is Suite Link, a basic, Linktree-style website with your logo and branding that gets you around the problem of only including one link in your social media bios.
With Suite Link, you add one URL to your socials, and clients can use it to book a session, make payments, or check out your presence on other platforms.
Elsewhere, the ability to respond to customer inquiries via the in-built client messaging tool and helpful analytics that show you which of your online marketing platforms produce the best results can be invaluable for getting your new venture off the ground.
Appointment Booking
Once you’ve used those marketing features to attract new customers, they’ll need to schedule an appointment with you.
This is where PocketSuite really comes into its own.
Rather than wasting time going back and forth with clients to book a suitable appointment, you simply send them to a customized online booking site where they can see your calendar and book an appointment for a time that works for both of you.
Elsewhere, you have all the flexibility you need to accept a single appointment, recurring appointments, subscriptions, and group bookings, making it ideal for fitness trainers and similar professionals who run classes.
Is PocketSuite the Best Booking Software for Independent Professionals? Our Verdict
From contractors and handymen to personal trainers, massage therapists, dog trainers, photographers, and more, solo business owners, and self-employed professionals from all industries will have no problem butting this easy-to-use mobile platform to work in maximizing the efficiency with which they handle bookings and payments.
We found very little that would put us off recommending PocketSuite. Fast, intuitive, and affordable, it’s one of the best business tools around right now.
Read the full review
here.
Get connected with PocketSuite!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)