What creates a raving fan?
And what does a true partnership look like these days?
These are a couple questions that we’ve been asking ourselves recently at
Woven
.
Woven has had
industry-best customer retention
since we started in 2017 and we enjoy a strong pipeline of referral sales each year. These are KPI’s we use to indicate that we’re doing something right, have happy customers, and are adding value for their organizations and teams. Internally, we largely attribute this to our Customer Success team and what they do for Woven customers every day. Yes, the Woven platform is robust and capable, but it is our team providing the training, follow-ups, and solutions that take it over the top.
As Woven continues to add new Customer Success team members,
we are tasked with identifying just how we do this (our “secret sauce”) so we can train & replicate it as we grow
. Service is at the core of our mission and values, but it’s not enough to rely on luck and water cooler knowledge to keep delivering at the level our customers have come to expect from us.
In response to this internal thought exercise, we have established our
Woven Promises
. These are commitments to all Woven customers (new and existing) on what they should come to expect from us. These Woven Promises are more than a memo to new Woven employees; they will serve as an accountability mechanism to ensure that we maintain our high level of service.
In the fast-paced world of multi-unit businesses, success hinges not only on streamlined operations but also on cultivating a culture of respect, education, and service. At
Woven
, these values are not just part of our brand; they’re the heartbeat of everything we do. Here’s how we promise to align with these principles and support our clients every step of the way:
We Listen
At Woven, we understand that every organization is unique, with its own set of challenges and priorities. That’s why we start by listening. We listen to our customers, absorbing their insights and understanding their needs. We respect their organization’s individuality and support them accordingly. Whether it’s through customized implementations or regular status meetings, we ensure that our solutions are tailored to fit their specific requirements.
We Continuously Educate & Train
Education is key to unlocking the full potential of our platform. We actively engage with our customers to train their management and leadership teams, empowering them to maximize the value they receive. With unlimited training sessions for key personnel, we ensure that our customers are equipped with the knowledge and skills they need to succeed.
We Respond (Quickly!)
We recognize that our customers’ time is precious, and their needs are important. That’s why we strive to be responsive, setting a goal of responding to all inquiries within 24 business hours. Whether it’s a question, a concern, or a request for assistance, our team is dedicated to providing timely and effective support.
We Follow Through
Sometimes, despite our best efforts, we may not have all the answers or be able to solve every problem immediately. But we promise to never leave our customers hanging. We capture every case and follow through on a resolution, ensuring that no issue goes unresolved. Through action items from status meetings and diligent follow-up, we demonstrate our commitment to seeing things through to the end.
We Evolve (So you can too)
Business needs are constantly evolving, and so are we. We recognize the importance of staying ahead of the curve and continuously adding value for our customers. That’s why we’re always open to feedback, capturing and tracking enhancement requests, and modifying how we support our customers to meet their evolving needs.
We’re Human
We’re not perfect, and we don’t pretend to be. But when we fall short, we own it. We’re committed to transparency, open and honest conversations, and making things right. Our customers can trust us to acknowledge our mistakes and work tirelessly to correct them, ensuring that their experience with Woven is nothing short of exceptional.
In the world of multi-unit businesses, success is built on a foundation of respect, education, and service. At
Woven
, these values aren’t just ideals; they’re our guiding principles, shaping every interaction and decision. With our unwavering commitment to listening, educating, serving, and evolving, we’re proud to partner with our clients on their journey to success.
Get connected with Woven here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)