Marketing Supply Chain Firms Names Dan Geyer to Lead Sales
Feb 6, 2024 (Pittsburgh, PA) –
Clayton Kendall
, a leader in centralizing the marketing supply chains for franchise communities and multi-location businesses, announced that
Dan Geyer
has been named as Vice President of Sales.
The addition of a Vice President of Sales follows an investment in 2023 by PNC Riverarch, a middle-market private equity firm which invests in privately held companies in North America and Europe, in late 2023.
Mr. Geyer is an accomplished, disciplined, and results-oriented sales leader with nearly 20 years of operational leadership, team management, and business development experience. He worked for the US Army for 25 years, holding senior positions focused on recruiting and training. Mr. Geyer then successfully led business development efforts to a large number of industries for commercial printer Sandy Alexander.
Dan Broudy, CEO of Clayton Kendall, commented, “Clayton Kendall has grown consistently during our 25 year history in serving franchises and multi-location businesses. We intend to aggressively pursue growth in coming years by building out our team and investing in sales and marketing.”
Mr. Geyer will be responsible for sales, lead generation and customer service. In addition, Clayton Kendall is eyeing key acquisitions this year, which Geyer will also oversee.
About Clayton Kendall
Clayton Kendall’s
marketing supply chain solution helps franchise communities and multi-location businesses scale rapidly, save money and better manage their promotional items, signage, apparel, POP kits and marketing collateral. The Pittsburgh-based firm provides streamlined promotional merchandise programs and company branded merchandise services for businesses across all sectors. Clients gain economies of scale, save time, and maintain brand consistency with our integrated marketing supply chain management solution.  More information can be found at ClaytonKendall.com.
Get connected with Clayton Kendall at IFA here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)