Turn Your Customers into Vocal Fans to Grow Your Business
A strong reputation is crucial for a winning franchise system. Whether it’s helping your franchisees dominate their local markets, or building a brand that attracts the star franchisees of the future –
NiceJob’s
powerful reputation marketing platform can help.
90% of consumers think reviews are more important than any information provided by a sales person
Only 57% of consumers would use a business with a three star rating…
… but 94% of consumers would use a business with a four star rating of consumers look at 2-3 reviews sites before they make a decision about a business
87% of consumers say that a business needs a rating of 3-5 stars before they will use them
Attract more customers by earning 4x more reviews for your business
Improve franchisee search rankings and website traffic with more reviews and ratings where it matters most, including Google, Facebook, and more.
Save time with automated SMS and email campaigns that are proven to get you more reviews and customer recommendations.
Turn your existing customers into vocal advocates who bring you even more business through our Referrals tool.
Standard Features Include:
Get Google & Facebook reviews
Connect 10+ review channels
Automated review requests
Smart, automated follow-ups
Automated social sharing
Website widgets
Automated referral requests
Review topic insights
Detailed franchisor and franchisee reporting
Free setup
What our Clients Say
“NiceJob has helped my business so much. 80% of people who book with me do it because of my reviews! I am catching all those missed reviews with the help of NiceJob AND not only do my reviews post on Google, but NiceJob automatically posts all my reviews on my website and my social media platforms!” –
QUICK DRAW
Case Studies
Little Kickers
Before NiceJob: 297 reviews
Current: 4,400+ reviews
Increased by: 16x in last two years
You Move Me
Before NiceJob: 4,678 reviews
Current: 24,200+ reviews
Increased by: 5.2x in last 2.5 years
Learn more here
Get connected with NiceJob here
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)