ACG
provides franchise owners enhanced recruitment, retention, and revenue through supplemental health benefits, empowering their work force and growing their franchise system.
ACG’s Encompassing Health Program utilizes a Section 125 plan that prioritizes preventative health and includes Group Hospital Fixed Indemnity Insurance. Their program does not disrupt or replace any Major Medical Plans, but rather enhances your current benefits for all employees.
Encompassing Health is at NO NET COST for employer or employee, and helps to address Recruitment, Retention, and Revenue concerns. By providing baseline health benefits, ACG routinely helps franchise owners increase profitability and decrease turnover by empowering employees to build a career in your franchise system.
Let’s see an example of how they help their clients:
ACG Employee Benefits
Overview
Archetype Consulting Group helps 22 unit franchise owner save $136k per year with Encompassing Health. The owner was looking at rising COGS and a $1 minimum wage increase that took place in the State of Florida in 2024.
The Numbers
Employee count:
250-550
Employees now covered with EH Benefits:
250-500
FICA savings:
$136,500 annual savings ($5,687 per pay cycle*)
Challenges
Labor retention
– bottom third of his workforce was a revolving door, too many part-time employees
Talent recruitment
Minimum wage increase
Maintaining per unit profitability
Solutions
Encompassing Health Program Includes
Employers the opportunity to empower their employees to make a transition from a part time employee to a full time employee by providing them with health benefits for them and their family.
As tool for employers to utilize in recruitment of more talented employees looking for stability and benefits
Employees typically see an increase of 2-4% in net pay at no additional cost to the employer
Employers gain immediate access to the $600 per employee FICA savings (on average) per pay cycle.
Check out the full case study
here
.
Get connected with ACG Employee Benefits here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)