With a 2024 calendar packed with industry & brand conferences,
Woven
is making its mark in the franchising industry, demonstrating a deep commitment to the principle that relationships are the cornerstone of franchise success. This people-centric company leverages every tool in its multi-unit operations platform to enhance connections, making it a standout in fostering meaningful interactions within your brand & community.
Hear more from Woven’s recent blog post:
It’s been a great Q1 so far attending industry conferences like IFA, IHRSA and the upcoming MUFC. We’ve got a full calendar for the rest of the year with YoungConference, Springboard, and numerous brand conferences, and we’re reminded of a fact we know well:
in franchising, relationships are key
.
We all know that franchising is a RELATIONSHIP business, but it’s also why we chose to specialize in this industry in the first place. Woven is a people-centric brand; every tool in our platform serves to foster connections and directly benefit the humans who use it.
The best part of franchising, compared to other industries, is that as a supplier, we have a unique
2-way relationship
with our customers. Our best-in-class customer retention and
Brand Promises
speaks volumes for how we put relationships first, give our customers a seat at the table, and uniquely support them as they grow.
In an effort to double down on our industry relationships, we are thrilled to announce the newest addition to the Woven team,
Lauren Abdale
! Lauren brings over a decade of invaluable experience within the Planet Fitness ecosystem with a rich background spanning corporate and franchise leadership roles.
Lauren’s deep understanding of gym & fitness operations and unwavering passion for the industry make her the perfect addition to our team as we continue to grow in this category. Lauren’s expertise will ensure that our platform and services are tailored to the unique needs of multi-unit fitness operators, delivering an unparalleled experience every step of the way.
Join us in welcoming Lauren to the team!
Check out Woven’s post
here
.
Get connected with Woven!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)