Marketing Supply Chain Firm Names Richard Cashdollar
March 4, 2024 (Pittsburgh, PA) –
Clayton Kendall
, a leader in centralizing the marketing supply chain for franchise communities and multi-location businesses, announced that Richard Cashdollar has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer.
The addition of the CFO role follows an investment by PNC Riverarch, a middle-market private equity firm which invests in privately held companies in North America and Europe, in late 2023.
Mr. Cashdollar, CPA and MBA, has been CFO/Controller for both public and private companies and has public accounting experience in the auditing field with big four accounting firm, KPMG. He most recently worked as Director and Corporate Controller of Harbison Walker, a leading refractory solutions company.
Dan Broudy, CEO, commented, “Clayton Kendall has grown steadily during our 25 year history in serving franchises and multi-location businesses. To accomplish our goal of rapid growth, we are building out our team and investing in outstanding leaders such as Richard Cashdollar.”
“Without question, Clayton Kendall has become the leader in Marketing Supply Chain programs with a demonstrated track record of success across a broad range of verticals,” said Rich Cashdollar. “I’m excited to join Dan and the entire CK team to build upon their momentum to further accelerate market share expansion and drive earnings growth.”
About Clayton Kendall
Clayton Kendall’s
marketing supply chain solution helps franchise communities and multi-location businesses scale rapidly, save money and better manage their promotional items, signage, apparel, POP kits and marketing collateral. The Pittsburgh-based firm provides streamlined promotional merchandise programs and company branded merchandise services for businesses across all sectors. Clients gain economies of scale, save time, and maintain brand consistency with our integrated marketing supply chain management solution.  More information can be found at ClaytonKendall.com.
Get connected with Clayton Kendall here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)