Mosquito Squad is proud to be America’s most trusted mosquito and tick company dedicated exclusively to controlling the annoying outdoor pests that ruin your backyard experience and transmit diseases.
From No Tech
In 2018, Mosquito Squad started to search for a new CRM because the brand needed more technology and consistency in daily operations. At this point, the brand was non-digital, with zero automation. Their daily workflow relied on manual efforts, which was no longer sustainable to reach their brand goals.
To High Tech
After demoing seven different CRMs, the Mosquito Squad team chose to partner with
serviceminder
because it was the only solution that checked all their boxes:
Franchise-focused
Budget-friendly
“All-in-one” approach
Open API
Legal + regulation compliant
Automated workflow capabilities
One Mosquito Squad location can have
800+
appointments during busy season in one workday, averaging about
78
appointments across all locations. serviceminder has played a crucial role in increasing efficiency for all locations by streamlining dispatch and scheduling for service agents.
Our Partnership Today
As the industry evolves and new challenges arise, serviceminder continues to support Mosquito Squad with new functionalities and integrations. The platforms connectivity, integrations, and open API have played a vital role in supporting the brands growth and ensuring consistency across locations. This allows all locations to stay connected as well as consistent.
Integrations + Additional Features Used Today:
Call tracking
Digital marketing
Texting capabilities
Reputation management
What Mosquito Squad Loves About serviceminder
An unforeseen benefits noted by Mosquito Squad is the reliability of serviceminder compared to other solutions, with almost zero technical downtime.
Jones mentioned that the team at serviceminder is not afraid to say no. They apply their experience and knowledge within the industry when deciding to make feature updates.
They appreciate the collaborative relationship, noting that while the answer may sometimes be no, serviceminder works with them as strategic partners.
Being genuine and collaborative are two of serviceminder’s four core values. They embrace every brand like it’s their own and believe in the power of authenticity.
“There is little to no downtime. We recognize the importance of the stability of serviceminder. We trust and rely on serviceminder to help us systematize our operations, so the secureness of their platform is crucial. serviceminder’s capabilities were exactly what we needed at the time and now, 5 years later. Our Zees rely on serviceminder to not only communicate with clients but to enhance their experience daily.” –
Hugh Jones
, Director of Product at Authority Brands
Upon its founding in 2013, serviceminder had one mission in mind: to help home service (and commercial service) franchise businesses acquire and convert more leads, schedule more appointments, close more deals and communicate with clients more effectively.
Get connected with Serviceminder here
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)