Upon its founding in 2013,
serviceminder
had one mission in mind: to help home service (and commercial service) franchise businesses acquire and convert more leads, schedule more appointments, close more deals and communicate with clients more effectively.
It began with a world-class CRM built for field service with mapping, automated scheduling and dispatch. Then they added best-in-breed proposal writing with support for options, online deposits and payments, electronic signatures and reporting. Next, they perfected integrated email marketing and automation tools, fleet routing, integrated two-way texting, mapping and campaign budgeting enabling teams to measure revenue from campaigns and track cost per lead and revenue per client at the location and brand level. Oh, and dialed in reporting and analytics so locations and brands can better manage and grow.
Let’s Learn More
As IFA suppliers to home services franchises for over 10 years,
serviceminder
has perfected the recipe for targeting leads without doing any heavy lifting or digging. AKA simplifying and automating marketing efforts by utilizing scheduling and contact information.
They don’t provide an “all-in-one” solution just because they’re tech nerds, they streamline home service brands’ entire workflow to save them time and money. Not only can it be overwhelming and confusing at scale to rely on several different platforms for business needs, but it can also be expensive.
Here’s how the platform for managing and operating home services franchises allows your brand to be consistent and intentional when targeting leads without adding extra steps to daily workflow.
GeoZones
serviceminder
offers a shiny but unoriginally named feature called GeoZones. GeoZones can be used to increase productivity for service agents and also support marketing efforts. As a serviceminder admin, you can customize geo-zones based on zip code, city, or whatever you can draw out on a map – literally whatever your heart desires. (well, maybe not whatever, but you get the gist).
This feature improves productivity by scheduling appointments based on geography so service agents aren’t wasting too much time driving in the vans by crossing major highways driving around landscape elements like rivers, lakes and mountains! If the job or project happens to be outside, you can also measure the property and provide additional info to service agents before they even arrive. This capability ultimately improves client experience by prepping service agents and also saves a brand time and money at scale.
But wait, there’s more… you can also send promo emails, direct mail, and local advertisement based on the data provided from using GeoZones-to both prospects and current clients. See a lot of opportunities in a certain GeoZone? Let’s target that area!
With their comprehensive approach, it’s ServiceMinder’s goal to provide multi-purpose features. Utilizing one ServiceMinder solution solves several challenges for home services brand.
Tags
Another easy way to target clients for additional services or prospects is with Tags.
As they appreciate that every workflow and home service brand is unique, like GeoZones, Tags are also completely customizable. You can create tags for types of service, lead type, client interests or whatever supports your marketing goals.
With these Tags, you can create drip campaigns within serviceminder to automatically send an email or text with certain actions or scheduled at specific times to a specific targeted audience. There are many benefits to what we just mentioned, but the keyword is ‘automatically’. Once campaigns are created, there is no need to worry about chasing a lead or client retention. Your comprehensive CRM has you covered. This handy tool also helps to track client journey and campaign success, which again is all in serviceminder. Be in the know on marketing spend/ROI, popular service types, and more!
Ready To Save On Marketing Spend?
Not to be repetitive, but imagine streamlining all marketing efforts straight from your CRM? We know the term “all-in-one” is over-used, but in serviceminder’s case, it’s a perfect way to describe their solution.
To see how they can eliminate daily hurdles for your brand, connect with serviceminder here!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)