Orlando-based Team Oney Brands operates more than 105 retail outlets throughout Central Florida in businesses that include Papa John’s, Qdoba Mexican Eats, and Topper’s Creamery locations. Before
Leasecake
,
Brian Dixon,
Director of Real Estate at
Team Oney Brands
used a complicated series of spreadsheets, calendar reminders, and printouts to keep track of properties and relationships.
He had trouble accessing information about his locations quickly and easily.
Leascake gave Dixon and Team Oney Brands a tool designed to provide access to everything he needed wherever he was. “Before, I could access the information from those sources, but it wasn’t always easy. If someone asked me a question about a lease and I wasn’t in the office, I could go through 15 steps on my phone and get the information they needed. But it was time-consuming. Now I use Leasecake, and it helps tremendously because all the information is at my fingertips on my phone, on my iPad, and on my desktop.”
“With so many stores, there are
multiple things I have to do on a daily basis,” said Dixon. “Leasecake gives
me all the information I need
wherever I am.”
Here are some of the results after having adopted
Leasecake
:
24/7 Access:
Instant access to all the lease and location data needed for any of his locations at a moment’s notice.
Single Source of Truth:
All lease and location data is organized and accessible for the whole team.
ASC 842 Compliance:
Accounting and reporting is simple and easy, without having to struggle in excel spreadsheets to prepare for upcoming audits.
Customer Support:
Professional, friendly service that feels like an extension of your team, not a robot.
See the full case study here:
TEAM ONEY_ Leasecake Case Study
Leasecake
makes lease and location management a piece of cake for retail and medtail tenants. Managing your portfolio of leased properties is now simple and accessible by organizing all lease and location details, time sensitive events, lease accounting, documents, and more into one easy-to-use platform.
Book a demo today!
Get connected with Leasecake here
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)